<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs with-toc">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>2014-07-08 Community Meeting · WebPlatform Docs</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/docs.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/highlight.css" />
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
    <!--[if lt IE 7]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE7.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE8.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]><script src="/bower_components/ie7-js/lib/IE9.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lt IE 8]><link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/ie7.css"><![endif]-->
    
    
    
    <script src="/bower_components/jquery/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
    <script src="/bower_components/vue/dist/vue.min.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr skin-webplatform action-view">
    
    <header id="mw-head" class="noprint">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="p-logo">
            <a href="/"  title="Visit the home page"></a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </header>
    <nav id="sitenav">
    <div class="container">
      <ul class="links">
          <li><a href="/" class="active">THE DOCS</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/Community">CONNECT</a></li>
          <li><a href="/docs/WPD/Contributors_Guide/">CONTRIBUTE</a></li>
          <li><a href="/blog/">BLOG</a></li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    </nav>

    <div id="siteNotice">
      <div id="localNotice" dir="ltr" lang="en">
    
        <div class="notice" style="margin:10px auto; position: relative; width: 90%; max-width: 950px;">
          <div style="padding: 10px; border-radius: 4px; background-color: rgb(249, 247, 243); box-shadow: 0px 0px 1px rgb(167, 169, 172);">
            <strong>Notice:</strong>&nbsp;The WebPlatform project, supported by various stewards between 2012 and 2015, has been <b>discontinued</b>. This site is now available on <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/webplatform.github.io/">github</a>.
          </div>
        </div>
    
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="mw-body">
      <div class="container">
        <a id="top"></a>
        <div class="tool-area">
              <div id="hierarchy-menu">
                  <ol id="breadcrumb-info" class="breadcrumbs">
                    <li><a href="/">DOCS</a></li>
                  	<li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/">WPD/Community</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/">Meetings</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/">General</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/2014/">2014</a></li><li><a href="/docs/WPD/Community/Meetings/General/2014/0708_raw mtg notes/">0708 raw mtg notes</a></li>
                  </ol>
              </div>
        </div>
        <div id="page">
          <div id="page-content">
            <div id="main-content">

<h1>2014-07-08 Community Meeting</h1>
<h2>Presents</h2>
<ul>
<li>Amelia</li>
<li>Doug</li>
<li>Eliot</li>
<li>Jen</li>
<li>Julee</li>
<li>Renoir (scribe)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Minutes</h2>
<p>eliot: AmeliaBR: Quick recap of where we’re are.</p>
<p>Amelia: Accepted proposal to be leading topic of QASprint/2014-july</p>
<p>… we are not quite at 50% still lots to go</p>
<p>… good progress though</p>
<p>Doug: (mea cupla) had multiple travel and couldn’t do much</p>
<p>… hopefully will do more next week</p>
<p>… and double efforts</p>
<p>… julee said in an email that she also</p>
<p>(Jen chiming-in about being also late)</p>
<p>(There will be at least 3 people in a NewWave)</p>
<p>… maybe we could setup time</p>
<p>ALL: Agreeing to setup work sprint for a few on Thursday Afternoon PT</p>
<p>… subscribers: Julee, Shepazu</p>
<p>Amalia: Or just start working whenever we can and just shout it out on the channel</p>
<p>Dave: (Offered to work on Jen list starting from bottom)</p>
<p>Amelia (resumes): I expect will have reports</p>
<p>… i’m finding that sections i’m going through are mostly not ready. Occasional ones are though.</p>
<p>… lots of little quirky things and guide to those</p>
<p>… sent an email to help on the quirks</p>
<p>… Link is there to help with those quirks <a href="http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webplatform/2014Jul">http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webplatform/2014Jul</a> /0025.html</p>
<p>… among issues we have multiple templates to address</p>
<p>… if there are other areas to take care, we will have to make another sprint</p>
<p>Jen: Thank you so much Amelia for this project</p>
<p>eliot: +1</p>
<p>… if we can even get further to remove confusion, let’s remove all TEST: namespace and Meta:… or what we can do is to just move them completely out of the main wiki</p>
<p>… maybe we just have this separate wiki but most importantly unclutter the docs</p>
<p>renoirb: Agrees on Jen proposa</p>
<p>shepazu: Maybe we should update/add tasks in the issue tracker for those</p>
<p>Jen: (agrees)</p>
<p>Amelia: Use the system we have and make it in manageable system</p>
<p>… (agrees: Jen, Shepazu, Renoirb, Amelia)</p>
<p>Julee: Maybe we should have some conventions (its a bit confusing)</p>
<p>… maybe we should have some tagging.</p>
<p>… also, maybe we should state the priorities and create issue tracker meetings</p>
<p>shepazu agrees: “We gotta start somewhre” :)</p>
<p>(Julee: Agrees, but there’s a lot and confusing, we still should have this categorization. Then will make it clera)</p>
<p>shepazu: a big efforts makes me feel it will make it too big and no progress, lets’ find quick wins. Do you have a proposal for that?</p>
<p>Julee: I’ll try to think of something</p>
<p>(oops, forgot that detail) proposed by Jen: How about create</p>
<p>… a section in the wiki where we document those edge cases in a specific section (maybe at <a href="/docs/WPD/Projects/QASprints">WPD/Projects/QASprints</a>)</p>
<p>(resuming to issue tracker)</p>
<p>Amelia: I’m proposing that we make the next big push to clean the issue tracker</p>
<p>Jen: Maybe we just can start using it (in sync to Shepazu’s earlier proposal)</p>
<p>… focussing on doing things</p>
<p>shepazu: I think its a good compromise</p>
<p>… we find a way to tag new issues</p>
<p>… and then through meeting update issues about that</p>
<p>… and use the issue tracker during Community meetings and update</p>
<p>… we should make it more central so we keep it in front of our eyes</p>
<p>… i like to have issues in this instead of email</p>
<p>Jen: i’m looking at it right now</p>
<p>… enjoys this tool it “feels powerful”</p>
<p>… (maybe its overkill)</p>
<p>… maybe we should focus to pick a very basic</p>
<p>… figure a way to make it way more simple</p>
<p>Julee: The problem with a very simple tool creates a “blob”</p>
<p>… if we do not have someone who prioritize the bugs, we do not have a focus to work on them</p>
<p>… maybe we should spend time and remove “bells and whistle”</p>
<p>… to make bug simpler and still function as a priorotizing system is possible. But the main thing is that someone have to commit on them</p>
<p>… to keep it updated</p>
<p>Shepazu: What /kind/ of people should we need on such a tag team</p>
<p>Julee: A &quot;project manager&quot;, and maybe two more including, at least, one technical person who can validate the issue</p>
<p>Agrees: Renoir, Jen, Julee</p>
<p>Julee: Would you like to join us Amelia</p>
<p>… i’m very excited about this</p>
<p>… we should just purge things and make it simple</p>
<p>AmeliaBR: Pinging Garbee if you’re around: Will you be able to help give people power to re-arrange/organize Bug Genie?</p>
<p>AmeliaBR, your account in bug genie</p>
<p>Garbee, no need to update amelia</p>
<p>Also, I updated Eliot as an administrator</p>
<p>shepazu: Just to add another aspect, Amelia correctly diagnosed an issue on the compatibility tables</p>
<p>… renoir sent an email describing the issue and the planned work to resolve the problem</p>

<!-- Attributions: None declared for this document. -->
            </div>
            <div class="topics-nav">
              <ul>
                <li><a href="/docs/Beginners">Beginners</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts">Concepts</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/html">HTML</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/css">CSS</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/concepts/accessibility">Accessibility</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/javascript">JavaScript</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/dom">DOM</a></li>
                <li><a href="/docs/svg">SVG</a></li>
              </ul>
            </div>
            <div class="clear"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer id="mw-footer">
      <div class="container">
        <div id="footer-wordmark">
          <a href="https://github.com/webplatform/docs/blob/master/LICENSE.md" class="license">
            <img src="/assets/cc-by-black.svg" width="120" height="42" alt="Content available under CC-BY, except where otherwise noted.">
          </a>
          <a href="/"><span id="footer-title">WebPlatform<span id="footer-title-light">.org</span></span></a>
        </div>
        <!-- ul class="stewards">
          <li class="steward-w3c"><a href="/stewards/w3c">W3C</a></li>
        </ul -->
      </div>
    </footer>
    <script src="/assets/js/docs.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
